Update changelog (#1024)
ExtraHorizon/javascript-sdk: CHANGELOG.md

- Completed the `Task` type for changes made in TaskService 1.3.0 a while ago:
  - Added the `retriedByTaskId`, `retryForTaskIds`, and `error` properties.
  - Added the `retried` status.
- Introduced `exh.templatesV2` with methods for Templates Service v2:

>   - `exh.templatesV2.*` provides functionality to manage and resolve templates

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Introduced `exh.templatesV2` with methods to manage and resolve V2 templates
```

- Added `template_name` to `sdk.mails.*` to allow sending mails with a V2 template by name

### Deprecated
- `exh.tasks.schedules.delete` is deprecated in favor of `exh.tasks.schedules.remove`
- `exh.auth.oidc.providers.delete` is deprecated in favor of `exh.auth.oidc.providers.remove`

### Fixed
- Corrected the types for the `findFirst` (based) methods to indicate they may return `undefined` when no results are found.
- Corrected the types of the `schema` property in the `sdk.templates.*`

> - Corrected the types of `sdk.mails.*`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Added `template_name` to `exh.mails.*` to allow sending mails with a V2 template by name

### Deprecated
- `exh.tasks.schedules.delete` is deprecated in favor of `exh.tasks.schedules.remove`
- `exh.auth.oidc.providers.delete` is deprecated in favor of `exh.auth.oidc.providers.remove`

### Fixed
- Corrected the types for the `findFirst` (based) methods to indicate they may return `undefined` when no results are found.
- Corrected the types of the `schema` property in the `exh.templates.*`
- Corrected the types of `exh.mails.*`
```
